Please Read:     Information for HotTipster (10352606 - Gordon Leary)



File Locations:
Please copy the included txt default data file to:
C:\dbs\HotTipsterTestDataFULLVERSION.txt     			(ImportDefaultData.cs - line 22)

bin files are created automatically & will be located at:
C:\dbs\HotTipsterData.bin					(MyFileIO.cs - line 15)




I developed the app initially as a windows console app, and then afterwards as a winform app,
to see if I had sufficently modularised my code.


----------------------------

APP OPTIONS:


Load default data:
Loads in original data file (file loacations as above).

Load from Binary File:
Creates an empty binary file if file doesn't exist & alerts user that file is empty.

Save changes to binary file:
Saves changes to binary file.

View Current Horsebet List (in memory).
Displays everything currently in memory, loaded data AND newly added data.

View unsaved Changes (to additions list).
Displays only changes or new additions to list that haven't been saved to binary file yet.

Delete Selected:
Removes selected item from left display from display & from the current bet list.
nb. discovered a bug just before project submission, saving after deleting was duplicating
- the entire list to file. To work around this 'Delete' no longer alters the binary file when 'Save' is selected.

Clear Display:
Clears left display - unsaved data still in memory.

Clear Reports Display:
Clears right display -  unsaved data still in memory.

Delete binary file:
Deletes binary file - unsaved data still in memory.

Create Horsebet:
Enables the Create Horesbet Input Form so user can enter a new horsebet.
There is data validation in code on the windows form app & extra validation on the winform version
- by using 'error provider'.

Submit:
Submits the user's new horsebet data to the new additions list, ie in memory but not yet saved to file.
- & disables the Create Horesbet Input Form.

Discard:
Discards the user's data (data is not added to list) & disables the Create Horesbet Input Form.



-----------------

Reports:

Most Popular Race Course:

Win / Loss Breakdown by Year:

Display Bets in Date Order (oldest to newest):

Highest Amount Won / Lost:
Displays the largest single amount won on any individual race,
- and the largest single amount lost on any individual race.

Success Level:
Displays number of winning races, total number of races and winning percentage ratio.


